0.18

- Added a new function, validate_with(), that allow you to set various
options on a per-invocation basis, rather than on a per-package basis.
Patch by Ken Williams.

0.17

- Fix a doc nit where I had a wrong code example.  Reported by Britton
Kerin.

- Added a new validation option parameter, stack_skip, which allows
you to change how errors are reported by Params::Validate.

0.16 May 11, 2002

- Improve skipping of tests when run with 5.6.0.  Patch by Ken
Williams.

- Silence an uninit value warning

0.15 Apr 19, 2002

- validate_pos would die stupidly when it received an array with an
odd number of elements.

0.14 Mar 14, 2002

- validate_pos used exists on an array element, which only works with
5.6.0.  This releaes makes it work 5.00503 again.  Reported by Jon
Swartz.

0.13 Mar 10, 2002

- Apply some of the same optimizations to positional parameters.  The
speedup here seems to be about 7-8%.

- Fix stupid bug in 04-defaults tests.

0.12 Mar 10, 2002

- Add BOOLEAN type (equivalent to UNDEF | SCALAR).  Suggested by Ken
Williams.

- This version is about 8-10% faster on named parameters than previous
versions.  This may not seem like that much but if most, or all, of
your subroutines/methods use validation then this can be a significant
improvement.

- This version has slightly different semantics for dealing with
missing parameters.  Previously, if parameters were missing, an
exception was thrown before any of the other validation parameters
were checked.  Now, the validation parameters (type, isa, etc.) are
checked first, so that these errors will show up before missing
parameters.

0.11 Jan 04, 2002

- Accidentally removed the set_options function (in 0.08).  Though
this will go away in the future it isn't happening quite yet.

0.10 Jan 04, 2002

- Apparently making a tarball for CPAN is beyond my limited abilities.
0.09 was missing a file needed for tests.  Also reported by Blair
Zajac.

- When running Makefile.PL you get some warnings that can be ignored.
Add a message saying you can ignore them.

0.09 Jan 04, 2002

- I forgot to put the Makefile.PL in the MANIFEST.  I am dumb.
Reported by Blair Zajac.

0.08 Jan 03, 2002

- Explicitly mention that, by default, Params::Validate uses
Carp::confess to report a validation failure.  Suggested by Mark
Stosberg.

- The 'NO_VALIDATION' mode was seriously broken in that it didn't
handle defaults at all.

- The 'NO_VALIDATION' env var was mis-documented as being
'NO_VALIDATE'.

- The 'NO_VALIDATION' env var is now 'PERL_NO_VALIDATION' and this
method of disabling validation is no longer considered alpha.

- The validation functions now check this environment variable every
time they are called.  This is probably a bit slower than the previous
implementation, which only checked once when the module was loaded.
If you have a problem with this, let me know.

0.07 Sep 23, 2001

- Fix problem with CPAN shell's 'r' command that
Attribute::Params::Validate was causing with older Perl's.  Reported
by Rob BloodGood.

- Add ability to specify defaults for parameters and get a new
hash/array back from validate or validate_pos.  Partial patch
submitted by Ken Williams.

0.06 Aug 23, 2001

- Require Attribute::Handlers if using Perl 5.6.0+.

- fix doc nits.

0.05 Aug 23, 2001

- Added Attribute::Params::Validate - do validation via attributes!

- Rename set_options to validation_options.  This can now be exported
safely and is included in the :all export tag.  set_options is
deprecated and will be removed in a future release.  Thanks to Jon
Swartz for the suggestion.

0.04 Apr 14, 2001

- tweaks to make the code work under 5.00404

0.03 Mar 17, 2001

- make sure all error messages contain the name of the subroutine that
was called.

- the error message given when an argument doesn't match the 'isa'
spec has been improved.

- use Carp::confess by default when dying with an error.  This
produces a more useful error message.

0.02 Mar 6, 2001

- fix a bug in the test suite that caused failures in 5.6.0.

0.01 Feb 16, 2001

- Original release

